replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/ci-environment-variables.md

:::info Prerequisites
* You must have a Semgrep AppSec Platform account to use this environment variable.

> * You must have a Semgrep AppSec Platform token. To generate a token, see [Creating a `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN`](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#creating-a-semgrep_app_token).

Author: ```suggestion
* You must have a Semgrep AppSec Platform token. To generate a token, see [Creating a `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN`](/deployment/add-semgrep-to-other-ci-providers#create-a-semgrep_app_token).
```

### `SEMGREP_BASELINE_REF`

> Set `SEMGREP_BASELINE_REF` to enable **[diff-aware scanning](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#diff-aware-scanning)** for CI providers that are **not** GitHub Actions or GitLab CI/CD. `SEMGREP_BASELINE_REF` refers to your codebase's default or trunk branch, such as `main` or `master`.

Author: ```suggestion
Set `SEMGREP_BASELINE_REF` to enable **[diff-aware scanning](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans)** for CI providers that are **not** GitHub Actions or GitLab CI/CD. `SEMGREP_BASELINE_REF` refers to your codebase's default or trunk branch, such as `main` or `master`.
```
